beginners are getting younger and younger
they're getting more and more
at least at the university bonn therefore gives
it is now almost all
study courses preliminary courses that are first
exercises information and tasks
the beginning of the semester time ago what
Courses in all study subjects
explains studies manager vera heckel
no matter if in mathematics focus chemistry
pre-course or a writing workshop the
freshmen can do theirs
different levels of knowledge
level
you already have the opportunity
to orientate in advance at the university
and an impression of university
to live
and important to us also that even
Social contacts take place among the young
people can get to know each other first
All of this creates a whole
familiar atmosphere and makes it easier
transition from school or education
Add study for some subjects like that
Chemistry and economics
Medicine has been around before courses
some years
We tried this focus program
also in cooperation actually with
to shape the subjects and there
can then out that's actually one
wide range of compartments is the one at the
university such preliminary courses for
necessary to keep the learning climate is from
small groups of coined tutors and
tutors are even students from the same
these subjects
they know exactly what is important
i was studying last year
started and I had those too
possibility to attend courses
I have to say chemistry has me very much
brought a lot and that was for me too
the decision-relevant would mean
like to pass on and then in
coming year itself will be there yes
which I really totally second now
Great is when I am here on the
the first day I have really sit down
do not even trust the tasks
really to go it alone and
you yourself to try a bill
then really in a few days
In the situation the tasks are independent
to work out then really on the
I have to get the right results
say that is really great
feeling as a tutor when you see how much
you really in the short time
can reach the fresh in the people
enrolled bachelor students are
Glad to visit before heading to
can
before that was actually pretty
I would say confusion and so on
a little bit one stands out from the big nothing
and now it's better if you do
just a little bit of insight
which comes to one at all and
what you are studying at all so
must adjust and also more security
How to handle texts at all
in the meantime, many of them are new students
Specialties in the middle of studies
arrived you already notice the effect
the preliminary courses yes we have in many
Courses are being made senate women around
in the sense of saying one
quality control and those the
these courses were searched
actually very satisfied
in order to